# Lindo-Telsa-closing-stock-prices-forecasting-project
For forecasting Tesla's closing stock price, we used a seasonal naive model with drift as the benchmark model. Then, we went on to fit a group of regression models such as regular, log-transformed, and knotted regression models, where in training, the knotted regression was the better fitted, but in testing the log-transformed model was the most accurate, however it not beating the benchmark model. Further, we used an Exponential Smoothed model with a trend and seasonality. We also fitted the Exponential Smoothed model with its variants, including damped versions by a discounting factor. Then as a final model, a SARIMA model was also used, were we used a variety of techniques to ensure stationarity. To choose among the ARIMA (p,d,q)(P,D,Q) models, we used the AICc measure. Further to assess among the models we fitted across the different models, we used a variety of forecast error measures contained in the accuracy function, including the scale dependant measures such as the MAE(Mean Absolute Error) and (Root Mean Squared Errors) and scale independent accuracy measures such as the RMSSE (Root Mean Squared Scaled Errors) and MASE(Mean Absolute Scaled Errors). Then to assess the distributional forecast accuracy, we used the Winker scores and its extention, the Continuous Ranked Probabilities Scores(CRPS). From all these models, the benchmark model, the seasonal naive model with drift was the best perfoming model, even better than the more advanced models.

A pdf file with project and the graphics is also attached. I advice to download to be able to go certain sections you might be interested in
